docs: update multi-gw-deploy (#11003)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/installation/advanced_configuration/multi-gw-deployment.md

As shown in the following example, you can declare as many Envoy proxies as you want under the `gloo.gatewayProxies` property in the Helm configuration file.

{% notice note %}}

> There are implicit merge behaviors when using this API that can be confusing. For more details please refer to [Custom Envoy Proxy Merge Behaviors]({{<ref "#custom-envoy-proxy-merge-behaviors">}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are implicit merge behaviors when using this API that can be confusing. For more details please refer to [Custom Envoy Proxy Merge Behaviors](#custom-envoy-proxy-merge-behaviors)
```

| public-gw | :::8443   | 1             | Accepted |
+-----------+-----------+---------------+----------+
```

> ## Custom Envoy Proxy Merge Behaviors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Envoy proxy merge behaviors
```

              maxConnectionDuration: 120s
              delayedCloseTimeout: 30s
              drainTimeout: 60s
    customGatewayProxy:
      gatewaySettings:
        customHttpsGateway:
          options:
            httpConnectionManagerSettings:
              maxConnectionDuration: 220s
              # Note: delayedCloseTimeout and drainTimeout intentionally omitted
```

The applied configuration of these deployed proxies is as follows:

1. gatewayProxy inherits the default values defined in the Helm chart, and then customizes then with values under `gatewayProxies.gatewayProxy`

2. customGatewayProxy inherits the default values defined in the Helm chart, then merges the custom values under `gatewayProxies.gatewayProxy` and then finally applies the values specific to itself, under `gatewayProxies.customGatewayProxy`.

The inheritance of values from the `gatewayProxy` cannot be customized per proxy, and thus, the `customGatewayProxy` in our example will have, values for `delayedCloseTimeout` and `drainTimeout`, even though they weren't specified. Given this behavior in the API, how can I safely configure multiple Envoy proxies? We explain the two options below.

> ### Option 1: You want your proxy configuration to be coupled to the default gatewayProxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 1: Couple the proxy configuration with the default `gatewayProxy`
```

> There is value in having a set of defaults that all proxies inherit from. If you want to follow this pattern, you neeed to be sure that your customGatewayProxy defines values it does not want to inherit. In our example, the Helm configuration would look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the default `gatewayProxy` to configure settings that you want all custom gateway proxies to inherit. The custom gateway proxy can however overwrite these settings. 

To apply this option, update your configuration as follows: 
```

```yaml
gloo:
  gatewayProxies:
    gatewayProxy:
      gatewaySettings:
        customHttpsGateway:
          options:
            httpConnectionManagerSettings:
              maxConnectionDuration: 120s
              delayedCloseTimeout: 30s
              drainTimeout: 60s
    customGatewayProxy:
      gatewaySettings:
        customHttpsGateway:
          options:
            httpConnectionManagerSettings:
              # Explicitly set these values, to avoid inheriting from gatewayProxy
              maxConnectionDuration: 220s
              delayedCloseTimeout: 5s 
              drainTimeout: 1s     
```

> ### Option 2: You want your proxy configuration to be decoupled from the default gatewayProxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 2: Decouple your proxy configurations 
```
